In this world,
it’s hard to find a friend—
Someone you can turn to
who’s with you till the end.
I used to dream
I’d find a people who could be
More than just some friends
and more like family.
My search is over.
I’ve come to know
I’ve finally found God’s people;
I feel the love they show.
Now I live that dream
that meant so much to me.
I found more than friends;
I found Jehovah’s family.
Now I have brothers;
I have sisters, mothers, fathers too,
Little boys and little girls,
older brothers who
Come from ev’ry tribe
and race and nationality.
We love to be part
of Jehovah’s family.
We love each other;
our bond is strong.
We love to have the honor
of knowing we belong
To the greatest brotherhood we’ll ever see.
We love to be part of Jehovah’s family.
Yes, we come from ev’ry race and nationality.
Our God invites us
to be more than a friend.
He wants us in his fam’ly;
his love will never end.
Just to think
that we will live eternally,
Then we’ll all be part of Jehovah’s family—
A part of Jehovah’s family,
Family,
Family.